
A majority of the bear system (hypervisor, bootloader, kernel, and
utilities) is being released under the MIT open source software
license, as appearing below:

----------

Copyright <2017> <Scaleable and Concurrent Systems Lab; Thayer School
of Engineering at Dartmouth College>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

--------------

Certain files are released without licensing attached by us as they
were copied or derived heavily from other open source and freely
distributed projects. These include:

  BSD Licensed
    sys/boot/mbr/mbr.S
  
  Fully Open code pulled from CCAN (https://ccodearchive.net)
    sys/include/check_type.h
    sys/include/container_of.h
    sys/include/list.h
    sys/utils/list.c
    

  Fully open code from the ChaN FatFS project (http://elm-chan.org/fsw/ff/00index_e.html)
    sys/include/fatfs.h
    sys/include/ffconf.h
    sys/utils/ff.c

  Fully open code from MINIX
    sys/include/sigcontext.h

Userspace (/usr/*) is slightly different. Although any new code with
this release is under the same MIT license described above whether so
marked in the file or not, the userspace directory contains library
subsystems from other completely open sources which contain their own
open licenses, including:
  
  - newlib (usr/src/newlib)
  - lwip (usr/src/liblwip)
  - libgloss (usr/src/libgloss)

